---
title: "无法入金"
date: "2023-01-10"
---

<Ads></Ads> 

There are various reasons for depositing a trading account, depending on the payment method chosen, account verification status, etc.

To identify the problem, troubleshoot the following:

- Make sure **your Exness account is fully verified** , accounts that do not complete this important step will be restricted from funding.
- Each trading account has its own minimum and maximum deposit requirements; please check whether **the amount you are trying to deposit** meets the deposit requirements of the corresponding account type.
- The deposit amount may not meet the minimum or maximum deposit limit of the selected deposit **payment method** . Please adjust the deposit amount to a range that meets the requirements, and then try to deposit again.
- The payment method is also affected by the country of residence where your personal area is registered, and there may be situations where a certain payment method is not available or no longer supported in your country. In this case, please try other payment methods available in the Deposit section of your Personal Area.

If you still can't deposit money into your account, please contact customer service for more help. Please provide the following information when contacting:

- The account number of your trading account.
- The type of payment method used when making a deposit.
- The error message received (if any).
- Your **PIN** will be used for account and identity verification.
